Liza: Arnold got home after a long day of work and was so excited to eat his sandwich from Jimmy Johns. The day before, he had gone out to eat with friends and had extras of his sandwich ready to eat that he was so excited to eat today. But when he got home, he came to a shocking realization: the sandwich was gone!

Rowan: Where could it have gone? Arnold was very perplexed. He had no pets, and his neighbors couldn't of gotten into his house! Then, Arnold had a stroke of luck, and saw some lettuce on the floor, followed by a bit of tomato, creating a path that lead out his backdoor.

Kexiang Fang: He found a portal opened at his backdoor, and this portal connects to the someone's house. He walked in, and found his sandwich in the refrigerator. "Haha! I got my sandwich back. I will wait here to got you, little theif!" Arnold thought. However, he found his picture on the wall. After a quick scan of his surrounding, he concluded this house is the same as his house. "Am I still in my house?" When he was pondering, he noticed someone is approaching to the frontdoor. Suddenly, due to this weird situation, he lost the guts to caught this theif. He dropped the sandwich and stepped on the sandwich during his escape. 
This guy entered the frontdoor, and then opened the refrigerator, shouted out "Where is my sandwich?" 
This guy had a stroke of luck, and saw some lettuce on the floor, followed by a bit of tomato, creating a path that lead out his backdoor......

David: This alternate Arnold found his back door was still locked, with the door chain still in place.
He pondered that nobody could have gone out this way, yet the sandwich trail leads there.
Looking again, he noticed a pile of crumbs and some smears of mayo going under the door.
Unlocking his door and following the trail outside, he ended up finding what he thought were the culprits.
Hundreds of ants were swarming around a sandwich, trying to fit the whole thing into an anthill.
Having lost his appetite, but getting in a good laugh, Alternate Arnold went back inside to find a way to keep the ants out.
Little did he know these ants stole the Original Arnold's sandwich by using ant-magic to create a portal because they couldn't figure out how to get past the door.
